---
title: The Battle of Ji Le Teachings
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: false
tags:
    - Past
    - Story
    - Tang Sect
    - Songshan Sect
    - Qingcheng Sect
    - Ji Le Teachings
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

About twenty years ago, the Western [[Ji Le Teachings]] caused chaos in the martial arts world, with a grand momentum. They recruited soldiers and horses, intending to collaborate with the Western Xia Dynasty, sandwiching the Hexi Corridor, opening up the north-south route, controlling the throat of the Great Song and Jin Dynasty, and enslaving the Central Plains.

<br>

The high monks of the [[Songshan Sect]] took pity on all living beings, sacrificed themselves for righteousness, and finally inspired the leaders of various martial arts sects to set aside their grievances. Under the leadership of the new martial arts alliance leader, [[Long Yuan]], they united and besieged the [[Ji Le Teachings]].

<br>

The Wanxian Formation was broken by the joint efforts of [[Songshan Sect|Songshan]] and the [[Tang Sect]], and all seven Ji Le Teachings immortals were executed. The final battle took place on the summit of Mount Huashan, where three top experts from both sides were pitted against each other.

- The Tang Sect's [[Tang Zhongling]] did not hesitate to swallow poison to forcibly enhance his internal strength, using the Flying Swallow Shooting Star Feather to kill the Right Protector, but he suffered from illness thereafter.
- The Left Protector defeated Qingcheng's [[Zhao Kui]] and escaped without a trace. Many years later, he returned with a vengeance, while the Daoist Master's heart was shattered, giving rise to demons, becoming the Hell Dao King of today's [[Mud Teachings]].
- The alliance leader, [[Long Yuan]], wielding the Tian Shang Sword with a determination to face death, used the "Tiangang Subduing Demon Sword" to defeat the Ghost Lotus King's blade, and the chief evildoer, "[[Li Renyou|Happy King]]", was executed. Long Yuan's whereabouts remain unknown.

This decisive battle had few witnesses, and the outcome was truly lamentable. While [[Songshan Sect|Songshan]] and the [[Tang Sect]] suffered great injuries, Songshan continued to be respected by the world, while the Tang Sect became a scapegoat for everyone.

## The Betrayal of the Wing King

The casualties in this battle were severe, leading to the destruction of the [[Ji Le Teachings]] and a significant blow to the righteous path. However, according to [[Long Yuan]]'s plan, it should not have ended this way.

<br>

[[Long Yuan]]'s sworn brother, the Wing King of the Jin Dynasty, [[Wanyan Xun]], originally promised to lead troops to support, to encircle and save the weak. However, in the end, he decided to sit back and watch, allowing the martial artists and the Ji Le Teachings to fight to the death, reaping the benefits, and later invading the Song Dynasty.

<br>

After the war, [[Long Yuan]] sought to hold [[Wanyan Xun|the Wing King]] accountable. Although the Wing King was unjust, Long Yuan, out of nostalgia for their past brotherhood, ultimately couldn't bring himself to act and instead chose to sever one arm as an act of atonement. Unable to face the heroes of the Central Plains and worried about his daughter [[Long Xiang]] being implicated, he went into hiding, mingling among the crowds of the [[Beggars' Sect]].

## Notes

- It was not a three-on-three battle back then, but rather a five-on-five scenario, as mentioned in the biography of [[Tang Zhongling]]. Early settings may have included four positions for the Left and Right Protectors, but this was left unanswered by Niao Xiong. [^1]
- There were inconsistencies in some texts regarding the Left and Right Protectors, but as of v1.0.3202, it has been unified that the Left Protector fled and the Right Protector was killed by [[Tang Zhongling]].
- The Left Protector later died in a siege by [[Tang Buyi]], [[Jie Wuchen]], [[Xiahou Lan]], and two others.
- The Right Protector once used the poisonous "Corpse Heart Worm" to control righteous martial artists for his own gain. The reason for [[Tang Zhongling]]'s intervention was likely to save his junior sister who had been affected by the "Corpse Heart Pill".
- Bahamut's geographical discussion of this battle: [Link](https://forum.gamer.com.tw/C.php?bsn=73317&snA=1778&tnum=4&bPage=2)

[^1]: PTT C Chat - [[活俠] 龍湘與奇怪的小知識P3](https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/C_Chat/M.1729093866.A.C8A.html)