---
title: Wave-Cutting Sword Technique
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: false
tags:
  - Martial Arts
  - Secret Technique
  - Cang Gang
  - Shangguan Family
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="2002"></BookItemIcon>

A martial art practiced by the disciples of Cang Gang active in the Fu and Jian regions.
<br><br>
Behind Cang Gang is the support of the Shangguan Family, a secret known to all, even the Wave-Cutting Sword Technique, evolved from the swordsmanship passed down by the Shangguan family, is performed with oars and paddles, which only serves to make it more conspicuous.
<br><br>
When this sword technique is executed, it resembles the surging waves on a river, continuous and unending. When facing the weak, it presses on relentlessly, and when facing the strong, it defends and waits for an opportunity. If the opponent resists vigorously, they will inevitably miss, and once a flaw is exposed, the following waves will rush in. It combines both strength and flexibility, attack and defense, making it an exceptional sword technique.
<br><br>
But if you practice with oars and paddles, you are destined to learn it incorrectly.
<br clear="all" />

## Effects

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>LV5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Effects</td>
        <td>Sword +1<br>Morality -1<br>Temperament +1<br>Dealing with People +1</td>
        <td>Sword +2<br>Morality -2<br>Temperament +2<br>Dealing with People +2</td>
        <td>Sword +3<br>Morality -3<br>Temperament +3<br>Dealing with People +3</td>
        <td>Sword +4<br>Morality -4<br>Temperament +4<br>Dealing with People +4</td>
        <td>Sword +5<br>Morality -5<br>Temperament +5<br>Dealing with People +5<br>Wave-Cutting Sword Technique</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5 (25)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

- Wave-Cutting Sword Technique: After hitting the opponent, it turns into a "Chase," with a 30% chance of causing "Unbalanced."

## Acquisition Method

- Strong Fish Selling Event - Help Xu Dajing win against Fu Yun, then either purchase it ($500) or choose "I can't afford it" and win it by force
- Mid-October of the second year - Fourth Senior Brother buys items ($1000)

## Notes

- According to the dialogue in the Wind and Rain Mountain by Shangguan Jun, the Wave-Cutting Sword Technique should have at least twenty-eight forms.