---
title: Snake Rabbit Eagle Monkey Fight
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: false
tags:
    - Martial Arts
    - Secret Techniques
    - Emei Sect
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="4003"></BookItemIcon>

Legend has it that one day, the ancestor of the Emei Sect, Master Bai Yuan, had some free time and went to play with his monkey friends in the mountains. Unexpectedly, he witnessed a bizarre scene that shocked him to the core and he could never forget.

<br>

The mountain monkey grabbed a small white rabbit, a snake coiled around the monkey's body, an eagle swooped down from the sky to attack the snake, and the white rabbit escaped and stepped on the eagle's eye.

<br>

This scene passed in a flash, and all four animals were greatly frightened, fleeing in all directions. Only Master Bai Yuan stood there in a daze for a while. Upon returning home, he couldn't eat or drink, but finally, on the third day, he comprehended it all. During breakfast, he stood up and demonstrated the Snake Rabbit Eagle Monkey Fight in front of his disciples.

<br>

Each disciple verified it themselves, with varying levels of understanding based on their aptitude, but only one person comprehended the rabbit-style fist.

## Effects

Requirement: Xingyi Quan LV1

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>Agility 2, Fist 2, Burst 1</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>Agility 3, Fist 3, Burst 2</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>Agility 4, Fist 4, Burst 3</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>Agility 6, Fist 6, Burst 4</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV5</td>
        <td>Agility 8, Fist 8, Burst 5, Elusive as Shadow</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV6</td>
        <td>Agility 9, Fist 9, Burst 6, Elusive as Shadow</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV7</td>
        <td>Agility 10, Fist 10, Burst 7, Elusive as Shadow</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV8</td>
        <td>Agility 12, Fist 12, Burst 8, Elusive as Shadow</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV9</td>
        <td>Agility 14, Fist 14, Burst 9, Elusive as Shadow</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV10</td>
        <td>Agility 15, Fist 15, Burst 10, Elusive as Shadow, Xingyi Quan LV1, Tactics LV1</td>
        <td>5 (50)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

-   Elusive as Shadow: Increases mouth strength based on Tactics LV (each level +1).
-   Xingyi Quan: Requires specific martial arts training.
-   Tactics: Enhances the effects of tactical skills based on level, affecting some plot developments.

## Acquisition

-   Study abroad at the Kongtong Sect for two years - apprentice under Xiahou Lan, first obtain "Kick with Great Force," then go to the back mountain for training and worship after three years.

## Notes

-   Xingyi Quan can be learned from [[Snake Fist]].
-   Although this is a secret technique of the [[Emei Sect]], [[Jie Wuchen]] is eager to pass on this secret technique. He claims that the ancestral portrait in his dreams scolds him every night for being unworthy and only caring about himself, not seeking a successor. Seeing that [[Zhao Huo]] is a disciple of [[Xiahou Lan]], a junior, and studying at the [[Kongtong Sect]], he should not mind having his name associated with Emei and just pass it on to Zhao Huo.