---
title: Iron Arm Divine Fist
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: false
tags:
    - Martial Arts
    - Secret Techniques
    - Kongtong Sect
    - Iron Fist Sect
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="6005"></BookItemIcon>

It is said to be one of the Five Virtues of the Sunken Island, the martial arts skill mastered by "Mouse Digging Through Mountains, Xu Qing", who ranked third among them.

<br>

Xu Qing, born to a blacksmith, possessed immense strength and had the ability to tunnel underground, hence the nickname "Mouse Digging Through Mountains". The Five Mice submitted to the Kaifeng Prefecture and assisted Bao Zheng.

<br>

In the seventh year of Jiayou, Bao Zheng passed away due to illness, and the following year was buried in Hefei. The Five Mice accompanied him all the way, kowtowed and bid farewell, then went their separate ways.

<br>

Subsequently, Xu Qing retired to Kongtong, passing down the Iron Arm Divine Fist and blacksmithing techniques, and passed away at the Great Iron Shop in Iron Fist Lane.

<br>

Practitioners must oil their arms, wear iron rings, stimulate their arms to become congested and hardened, and then vigorously strike wooden stakes. After breaking the wooden stakes, they move on to stone stakes, then iron stakes. If an arm breaks, they apply ointment and continue after it heals, eventually making their hands as strong as iron.
<br clear="all" />

## Effects

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 1</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 2</td>
        <td>1</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 3</td>
        <td>2</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 4</td>
        <td>3</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV5</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 5</td>
        <td>4</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV6</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 6</td>
        <td>5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV7</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 7</td>
        <td>6</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV8</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 8</td>
        <td>7</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV9</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 9</td>
        <td>8</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV10</td>
        <td>Fist Palm 10, Iron Arm Flying Fist</td>
        <td>9 (50)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

-   Iron Arm Flying Fist: At level two or above, the ultimate move becomes "Iron Arm Flying Fist", causing "Shock" (enemy defense -50%, 1T)

## Acquisition Method

-   Two years studying at Kongtong Sect - Entry into the Mysterious Power Gate, choose the Iron Fist Sect secret technique
-   Two years studying at Kongtong Sect - Win in the Iron Fist Sect seasonal trial
-   Mid-October of the second year - Fourth Senior Brother purchases items ($1200)

## Notes

-   Nowadays, no one in the Iron Fist Sect knows how to use it, and the secret technique has been lost to the world, instead, it is [[Shi Gongyuan|Fei Shi Gangzhu]] who has gained fame by relying on it.
