---
title: Thunder God Kick
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: false
tags:
  - Martial Arts
  - Secret Technique
  - Emei Sect
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="4006" :style="'float: right;'"></BookItemIcon>

The pinnacle of Emei Sect's leg techniques, soaring into the sky, lurking amidst the elusive clouds, unpredictable in its movements. Silent yet awe-inspiring, a thunderous roar that shatters the heavens like the thunder god's wrath descending from the skies, its power immeasurable.
<br><br>
This leg technique has no fixed routine, no set forms, representing the ultimate form of Xingyi Quan, embodying the shape of heavenly thunder, known as the Thunder God Kick.
<br clear="all" />

## Effects

Requirement: Xingyi Quan LV1

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Martial Points</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>2 in Fist, 1 in Lightness</td>
        <td>10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>3 in Fist, 2 in Lightness</td>
        <td>2</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>4 in Fist, 3 in Lightness</td>
        <td>4</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>6 in Fist, 4 in Lightness</td>
        <td>6</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV5</td>
        <td>8 in Fist, 5 in Lightness, Xingyi Quan LV1</td>
        <td>8</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV6</td>
        <td>9 in Fist, 6 in Lightness, Xingyi Quan LV1</td>
        <td>10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV7</td>
        <td>10 in Fist, 7 in Lightness, Xingyi Quan LV1</td>
        <td>10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV8</td>
        <td>12 in Fist, 8 in Lightness, Xingyi Quan LV1</td>
        <td>10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV9</td>
        <td>14 in Fist, 9 in Lightness, Xingyi Quan LV1</td>
        <td>10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>LV10</td>
        <td>15 in Fist, 10 in Lightness, Xingyi Quan LV2, Thunder God LV1</td>
        <td>10 (80)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

- Thunder God: At Realm Three or above, ultimate move becomes "Thunder God." Leaping into the air renders all enemy commands ineffective. Damage increases based on proficiency in Xingyi Quan.

## Acquisition

Must meet the following conditions simultaneously:
- [[Tang Jiaojiao]] and [[Tang Shan]] join the Tang Sect, with Tang Shan leaving the sect under the senior brother's guidance, accepted at the martial arts competition.
- [[Fu Yun]] has a favorability rating below 20, not part of the Tang Sect, otherwise will be sent to Emei Sect in December of the third year.
- On the Western Wulin line, in January of the fourth year, send [[Tang Shan]] to persuade the Emei Sect. Upon return, compete with Tang Shan and teach him the Forget Form.

## Notes

- Resembles the "RIDER KICK" from "Kamen Rider," known as "Feng Lei Dian" in Hong Kong.
- Resembles "Great Raifon: Thunder God" from "Super Robot Wars Alpha 3."