---
title: Iron Pipa Skill
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: true
tags:
  - Martial Arts
  - Secret Technique
  - Kongtong Sect
  - Xuangong Sect
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="7008"></BookItemIcon>

> By touching like striking a string, the sound resonates in the veins, its sound lasting for a long time without fading.

Practitioners need to stand on one leg, using their leg to support the pipa. This is the light skill "Crane Stance" of the Feitian Sect; to pluck the strings of the iron piano, one must first practice the "Frost Knife Breaking Bamboo Finger" of the Duopo Sect; to resonate the soundbox, one must utilize the internal energy of the Xuangong Sect to make it vibrate; when facing enemies, one can even pick up the pipa as a weapon, using the Iron Fist Sect's "As You Wish Smash" move to smash the enemy's head open.
<br><br>
With a single thought upon completion of the skill, all veins resonate together, moving like a vibrating string, lasting for a long time without fading, making it the top divine skill of the Kongtong Sect.
<br clear="all" />

## Effects

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>LV5</td>
        <td>LV6</td>
        <td>LV7</td>
        <td>LV8</td>
        <td>LV9</td>
        <td>LV10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 2<br>Stamina 1</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 3<br>Stamina 1<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV1</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 4<br>Stamina 2<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV1</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 6<br>Stamina 2<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV1</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 8<br>Stamina 3<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV1</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 9<br>Stamina 4<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV1</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 10<br>Stamina 4<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV2</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 12<br>Stamina 5<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV2</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 14<br>Stamina 5<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV2</td>
        <td>Internal Energy 15<br>Stamina 6<br>Iron Pipa Skill LV3</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>2</td>
        <td>4</td>
        <td>6</td>
        <td>8</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10 (80)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

- Iron Pipa Skill:<br>
When preparing to block an opponent's stabbing attack, deplete the opponent's energy.<br>
At level two or above, stabbing can deplete the opponent's energy.<br>
At level three or above, there is a chance of causing a "Shake" effect in attack and defense (Defense -50%).

## Acquisition Method

- City Siege Event - Wei Ju, blocking a blow for Wei Ju, receiving internal energy treatment, and agreeing to join the Kongtong Sect to obtain it (requires internal energy ≥40).

## Notes

- Kongtong Sect's secret treasure, not to be disclosed to outsiders.
- Feitian Sect's "Wind Control with One Toe," Duopo Sect's "Soul Suppressing Skill," Iron Fist Sect's "Injury Fist," and Xuangong Sect's "Iron Pipa Skill" are all divine skills from the Southern Mountain Scripture.
- The nemesis of the "Swallowing Heaven Treasure Mirror."