---
title: Cloud Garment Swordsmanship
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: true
tags:
  - Martial Arts
  - Secret Technique
  - Diancang Sect
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<div style="max-width:1020px">
<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="2302" :style="'float: right;'"></BookItemIcon>

Among the elite disciples of the Diancang Sect, there was one who was allowed to enter the Sword Pavilion for three days and comprehend the three sword intents left by the Sword Saint of Diancang. Each of the three sword intents had its own profound mysteries, with no distinction between superiority and inferiority. Mastering one was enough to stand out in the martial world, but nine out of ten individuals who stayed for ten days or half a month gained nothing.
<br><br>
Driven by curiosity, Ye Yunshang sneaked in to play and was promptly escorted out. Although she had no martial arts skills, she was exceptionally intelligent and unconventional. In just that brief moment, she seemed to have gained some insight, but due to her young age, it was all hazy. It was only upon parting ways today that she truly understood the taste of parting, memories flooding back, and she suddenly comprehended, creating this move.
<br><br>
Though it was only one move, the residual thoughts were endless. This sword technique was the fourth ultimate move of the Sword Saint - "Wandering soul in the old hometown, fragrant sleeves, spring weeping at dawn, do not linger."
<br clear="all" />
</div>

## Effects

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>LV5</td>
        <td>LV6</td>
        <td>LV7</td>
        <td>LV8</td>
        <td>LV9</td>
        <td>LV10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Sword 1</td>
        <td>Sword 2</td>
        <td>Sword 2</td>
        <td>Sword 3</td>
        <td>Sword 4<br>Diancang Swift Sword LV1</td>
        <td>Sword 5<br>Diancang Swift Sword LV1</td>
        <td>Sword 6<br>Diancang Swift Sword LV1</td>
        <td>Sword 6<br>Diancang Swift Sword LV1</td>
        <td>Sword 7<br>Diancang Swift Sword LV1</td>
        <td>Sword 8<br>Diancang Swift Sword LV2</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>1</td>
        <td>2</td>
        <td>3</td>
        <td>4</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>6</td>
        <td>7</td>
        <td>8</td>
        <td>9 (50)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

- Diancang Swift Sword: Enhances swordsmanship based on lightness skills

## Acquisition

- Early January, every three years - Ye Family Farewell (Ye Yunshang Favorability > 5★ gift)
