---
title: Qigong of the Child Prodigy
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: true
tags:
  - Martial Arts
  - Secret Techniques
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="7006"></BookItemIcon>

Despite its powerful effects and widespread popularity, no one wants to practice this qigong. This is because it is a skill meant for children, which is a pity.
<br><br>
It is said that once one gets married, the cultivated power will dissipate. No one wants to grow old alone, so no one is willing to practice this martial art. However, this is a misunderstanding.
<br><br>
The Child Prodigy Qigong refers to preserving the innate qi to nourish the acquired, hence it is most effective when practiced from childhood. If one starts practicing from birth, they can achieve mastery in less than twelve years. If one starts practicing in adulthood when the bones and tendons are already formed, the innate qi will scatter, resulting in only half the effectiveness. Practicing in middle age is already futile. Whether one gets married or not is actually irrelevant.
<br clear="all" />

## Effects

Requirement: Narcissism

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>LV5</td>
        <td>LV6</td>
        <td>LV7</td>
        <td>LV8</td>
        <td>LV9</td>
        <td>LV10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Internal Power 1</td>
        <td>Internal Power 2</td>
        <td>Internal Power 3<br>Physical Strength 1</td>
        <td>Internal Power 4<br>Physical Strength 2</td>
        <td>Internal Power 5<br>Physical Strength 2</td>
        <td>Internal Power 6<br>Physical Strength 3</td>
        <td>Internal Power 7<br>Physical Strength 4</td>
        <td>Internal Power 8<br>Physical Strength 4</td>
        <td>Internal Power 9<br>Physical Strength 4</td>
        <td>Internal Power 10<br>Physical Strength 5<br>Return to Origin</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>1</td>
        <td>2</td>
        <td>3</td>
        <td>4</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>6</td>
        <td>7</td>
        <td>8</td>
        <td>9 (50)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

- Return to Origin: When the combo count is greater than 2, the backup attack command changes to "Return to Origin." Upon use, a protective energy shield is obtained, with its level based on the current combo count, up to a maximum of 5 levels.
The protective energy shield increases defense by 50% based on internal power and reflects 75% to 100% damage from stabs and special moves, lasting until the reflection effect takes effect.

## Acquisition Method

- Thousand Faces event - Choose the option of an outer disciple, chat and wait for testing (pay attention to not being melancholic)
- It is also possible to obtain it by inviting someone to eat, as long as you do not talk about Long Xiang or indicate that Long Xiang is dull-witted