---
title: Fist of Distress
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: false
tags:
  - Martial Arts
  - Secret Technique
  - Songshan Sect
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="3000"></BookItemIcon>

Monks in the Songshan Temple practice asceticism, requiring the abandonment of the three unwholesome roots: greed, anger, and delusion, which are the fundamental causes of all worldly afflictions. Afflictions drive people to commit various evil deeds.
<br><br>
To attain liberation, one must understand the five aggregates, stay away from delusional dreams, and ultimately achieve Nirvana.
<br><br>
However, with the path to enlightenment laid out, how many in this world can truly achieve it?
<br><br>
At this moment, the Fist of Distress serves as a benevolent solution. By practicing the fist techniques and sweating profusely, one becomes physically exhausted, naturally ceasing to indulge in wandering thoughts.
<br clear="all" />

## Effects

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>LV5</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Strike 1</td>
        <td>Strike 2</td>
        <td>Strike 3</td>
        <td>Strike 4</td>
        <td>Strike 5<br>Fist of Distress</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5</td>
        <td>5 (25)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

- Fist of Distress: Increases attack power by 1% for every point the current mental state is below calm (up to 33% maximum).

## Acquisition Method

- Thousand Faces Event - Choose an outer sect disciple with a melancholic mental state.

## Notes

- [[Shangguan Ying]] is a remarkable woman who has mastered the Fist of Distress to the point of breaking through the twelve levels of success.
- If one provokes [[Shangguan Ying]], she may become so angry that she almost breaks her vow in front of the Buddha and uses the forbidden move "Mountain Breaking Jade Shatter" of the Fist of Distress to defeat [[Zhao Huo]], which is truly terrifying.