---
title: Snowy Mountain Flying Crane Claw
aside: false
outline: [2, 3]
sidebar: false
borderless: true
tags:
  - Martial Arts
  - Secret Technique
  - Kongtong Sect
  - Soul Stealing Gate
  - Xiahou Lan
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

<BookItemIcon :size="`medium`" :needLink="false" :no="6009"></BookItemIcon>

Your mentor Xiahou Lan has gathered the essence of Soul Stealing and Snowy Mountain, refining it to its purest form, while also incorporating Crane Control Qi Gong, ultimately creating this divine skill.
  
It is not meant for causing harm, but specifically designed to deal with skilled opponents. Even the most adept light-footed experts can be caught.

The force is like a flying crane stepping on snowy mud, occasionally leaving a claw mark on the mud. How can the crane know what it has touched? Lightly and effortlessly grabbing, using three parts strength to conceal seven parts, hidden in invisibility. Disrupting the enemy's stance, while I quickly recover my energy and launch a fierce attack to take their life.

## Effects

Requirement: Light-footed 50

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Level</td>
        <td>LV1</td>
        <td>LV2</td>
        <td>LV3</td>
        <td>LV4</td>
        <td>LV5</td>
        <td>LV6</td>
        <td>LV7</td>
        <td>LV8</td>
        <td>LV9</td>
        <td>LV10</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Effect</td>
        <td>Light-footed 2<br>Burst 1</td>
        <td>Light-footed 3<br>Burst 1</td>
        <td>Light-footed 4<br>Burst 2</td>
        <td>Light-footed 6<br>Burst 2</td>
        <td>Light-footed 8<br>Burst 3</td>
        <td>Light-footed 9<br>Burst 4</td>
        <td>Light-footed 10<br>Burst 4</td>
        <td>Light-footed 12<br>Burst 5</td>
        <td>Light-footed 14<br>Burst 5</td>
        <td>Light-footed 15<br>Burst 6<br>Snowy Mountain Flying Crane Claw</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Martial Arts Points</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>2</td>
        <td>4</td>
        <td>6</td>
        <td>8</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10</td>
        <td>10 (80)</td>
    </tr>
</table>

- Snowy Mountain Flying Crane Claw: Realm 2 or above, changing the stab attack to Snowy Mountain Flying Crane Claw, causing imbalance (light-footed -50%, 2 turns)

## Acquisition

- Three-year Xiahou Lan storyline - Defeated by Ruisheng in the third round of the Soul Stealing Gate season trial

## Notes

- A martial art specifically created for you by your master!