---
title: Q&A Collection September 2024
outline: [2, 3]
aside: true
sidebar: false
borderless: false
tags:
    - Q&A
---

# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

This page contains the Q&A from September 2024.

## 2024-09-24

-   Source: Thanks to "Chicken Leg" for providing
-   Images: [Image 1](/images/qna/202409/20240924_0101.webp), [Image 2](/images/qna/202409/20240924_0102.webp)

> The Snow Mountain and Kongtong Mountain look like they are part of the same mountain range on the map. Is there a real-life counterpart, or is it fictional?

Kongtong Mountain is indeed there, but Snow Mountain is more of a reference.

> How much does Xiangjie usually spend on maintaining her sword, and what is the condition of the sword after three years of use?

She takes great care of the sword, as it is her father's legacy. She personally maintains it, with minimal expenses on materials. Fortunately, the sword was well crafted and very durable.

> What is the hair length and usual maintenance method of the eight female characters who can form bonds (excluding Rui Xing)?

It's hard to say about the hair length... In that era, women were considered beautiful with long hair.

> If Long Xiang's sword were to be valued in the market, how much would it be worth?

Long Xiang's sword is already a legendary treasure in contemporary times. If not for the fear of Jinxiang Palace and admiration for Longyuan, it would become a sought-after sword by many, with a price that could skyrocket. For more details, refer to the Dragon Slaying Sword.

In modern times, it would likely be carefully preserved by museums or collectors, becoming a priceless treasure.